doc: introduce architecture documentation (#160)
bonitasoft/bonita-documentation-site: docs/docsite-architecture.adoc

= Documentation Site architecture

This document provides details on the architecture of the documentation site, in order to ease future developments. 

== Chore solution: https://antora.org/[Antora]

Antora is a multi-repository documentation site generator.

> The main file to configure our antora playbook is antora-playbook.yml and list each component and branch build.

Author: ```suggestion
The Antora playbook is configured by the file _antora-playbook.yml_. +
This configuration file lists all the components and the branches to build. It also references the UI bundle and some additional Asciidoctor extensions, both used to generate the HTML.
```

> The generator will get asciidoc files in ours documents repositories, process this files and generate a static web-site.

Author: ```suggestion
The Antora generator retrieves Asciidoctor sources from our documentation content repositories, and then generate a static HTML web site from those sources.
```

====

== UI Bundle

The UI bundle source repository can be found here: https://github.com/bonitasoft/bonita-documentation-theme[bonita-documentation-theme].

UI Bundle architecture is detailed on the UI bundle readme. 

== Search solution: Algolia

Because of our open source status, https://docsearch.algolia.com/[Docsearch by Algolia] offers us freely a search solution (Thanks a lot to them! ❤️). +
The configuration file can be found https://github.com/algolia/docsearch-configs/blob/master/configs/bonitasoft.json[here]. This file indicates to the docsearch crawler the pages to crawl, and the elements to index. +
Each time a new version of a documented Bonitasoft project is released, this configuration file has to be updated:

- The latest version has to be added to the projects to index 
- The oldest version should be removed from the projects to index

[NOTE]
====
For Bonita, the rule is the following one: +
The docsite documents the 4 currently supported Bonita versions, and **the 4 versions before**. +
-> It means that the docsearch conf file should reflect this behavior. 

> ====

Reviewer: ❓ IMHO this is not the right place for this information.
It is highly important and I suggest we put it in a dedicated doc with other information related to how we add doc versions (I guess this is a work in progress in #42)

== Host solution: Netlify

> The documentation is hosted on https://app.netlify.com/sites/documentation-bonita[Netlify].

Reviewer: ⚠️ IMHO, we should not make the netlify app token public to ensure nobody access or share the documentation site via this url.

Author: I even wonder if it is relevant to talk about the host information here. It is not really related with the docsite architecture, it can be host on any host provider..

> To be less dependent on the IT team, we choose to host our documentation on https://app.netlify.com/sites/documentation-bonita[Netlify].

Reviewer: IMHO we don't need to talk about Bonitasoft internal organization
```suggestion
The documentation is hosted on https://app.netlify.com/sites/documentation-bonita[Netlify].
```
